Add "Proxy" to terminology page (#3091)
rust-lang/rustup: doc/src/concepts/index.md

  "profile" defines a grouping of components. See the [Profiles] chapter for
  more details.

> * **proxy** —  A wrapper for a common Rust component (e.g. `rustc`), built to forward

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **proxy** —  A wrapper for a common Rust component (like `rustc`), built to forward
```
Keep the same style as above.
